Add the content related to "showAuthFailureReasonOnLoginPage" property (#3510)
wso2/docs-is: en/docs/references/extend/errors/customize-authentication-error-messages.md

-   remainingAttempts

The error messages can be customized based on these query parameters in the jsp files as in  `authenticationendpoint/login.jsp`.

> After adding `showAuthFailureReason` property, user will be redirected to the `retry.do` page with the above mentioned query parameters. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If the `showAuthFailureReason` property is enabled, the user will be redirected to the `retry.do` page with the above mentioned query parameters during the authentication flow.
```

> If any user wants to show the error message on the `login page` without redirecting to any other page, the following properties can be used to show the authentication error message on the login page.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you want to show the error message on the login page without redirecting the user to any other page, the following properties can be used to show the authentication error message on the login page.
```
